README.md, before:

<details>
<summary>🇹🇼 點擊展開／收起繁體中文說明</summary>

# Setsuna Discord 機器人

一個能連接 LLM API 並在指定頻道與用戶聊天的 Discord AI 機器人。

## 功能特色

### 🤖 智能對話
- 連接 Discord 並在設定的頻道回應訊息
- 透過分析頻道訊息歷史，提供有脈絡的回覆
- 能夠識別用戶指定回覆的訊息，並針對回覆內容做出相應回應
- 支援長對話記憶，可記住頻道中最近的50則對話
- 可設定個性化回覆風格，讓機器人在不同頻道展現不同性格

### 🔌 多模型支援
- 整合多種 LLM API（Groq、Gemini、ChatGPT、Together AI、DeepSeek、Cerebras）
- 可在啟用頻道時選擇使用的模型
- 支援選擇特定的 Groq 模型（12種）和 Cerebras 模型（4種）
- 可隨時切換頻道使用的模型
- 模型偏好持久化保存，重啟後不會遺失

### 🎨 圖片生成與理解
- 支援根據文字描述生成圖片
- 支援 AI 智能判定畫圖請求（可透過 `/setsuna aidetect` 指令開啟/關閉）
- 可識別用戶上傳的圖片內容
- 支援圖片風格轉換（如：油畫風格、像素風格、增加/減少畫面上的物件等）
- 可根據圖片進行問答（如：圖片中有幾隻貓？）

### 📺 YouTube 影片理解
- 可解析 YouTube 影片連結，顯示影片標題、頻道和簡介
- 支援 YouTube 影片內容摘要
- 可根據影片內容進行問答
- 支援 YouTube 影片搜尋功能

### ⚙️ 進階功能
- 支援簡單的頻道啟用／停用指令
- 可自訂義機器人人設
- 多 API Key 輪換機制，確保服務穩定性
- 頻道設定和模型偏好持久化保存到 GitHub

## 邀請 Setsuna
你可以用以下連結邀請 Setsuna 到你的 Discord 伺服器：
[邀請 Setsuna 到你的 Discord 伺服器](https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=1372437324595462206&permissions=1689917160152128&integration_type=0&scope=applications.commands+bot)

伺服器設定教學請參考下方[使用方法](https://github.com/breadMSA/setsuna-discord-bot?tab=readme-ov-file#使用方法)。

## 安裝步驟

### 本地開發

1. 複製本專案
2. 安裝依賴：
   ```
   npm install
   ```
3. 建立 `.env` 檔案並填入 API 金鑰：
   ```
   DISCORD_TOKEN=你的 Discord bot token
   GEMINI_API_KEY=你的 Gemini API 金鑰
   DEEPSEEK_API_KEY=你的 DeepSeek API 金鑰
   CHATGPT_API_KEY=你的 ChatGPT API 金鑰
   GROQ_API_KEY=你的 Groq API 金鑰
   YOUTUBE_API_KEY=你的 YouTube API 金鑰 (用於 YouTube 影片搜尋和 URL 預覽功能)
   BOT_OWNER_ID=你的Discord用戶ID,其他管理員ID (非必要，但若欲使用/setprofile指令則須填寫。若有多個，請用逗號隔開，例如：123456789012345678,987654321098765432)
   TOGETHER_API_KEY=你的 Together AI API 金鑰
   CEREBRAS_API_KEY=你的 Cerebras API 金鑰
   GITHUB_REPO=你的 GitHub 倉庫名稱 (這是用於儲存頻道設定和模型偏好。範例：yourusername/yourrepository)
   GITHUB_TOKEN=你的 GitHub Personal Access Token (PAT)
   CHARACTERAI_TOKEN=your_character_ai_token
   CHARACTERAI_CHARACTER_ID=your_character_id_here
   ```
4. 啟動機器人：
   ```
   npm start
   ```

### GitHub 部署

1. 建立新的 GitHub repository
2. 推送程式碼：
   ```
   git init
   git add .
   git commit -m "Initial commit"
   git branch -M main
   git remote add origin https://github.com/yourusername/setsuna-discord-bot.git
   git push -u origin main
   ```

## 24 小時部署選項

### 選項 1：Railway

[Railway](https://railway.app/) 提供簡單的雲端部署平台，有免費方案。

1. 註冊 Railway 並連接 GitHub repository
2. 在 Railway 後台新增環境變數
3. 部署你的應用程式

### 選項 2：Render

[Render](https://render.com/) 提供免費的 Web 服務主機。

1. 註冊 Render 並連接 GitHub repository
2. 建立新的 Web Service
3. 設定 build 指令為 `npm install`
4. 設定 start 指令為 `node server.js & node index.js`
5. 新增環境變數
6. 部署你的應用程式

### 選項 3：Heroku

[Heroku](https://www.heroku.com/) 也是常見的 Discord bot 雲端主機。

1. 註冊 Heroku 並安裝 Heroku CLI
2. 在專案根目錄建立 `Procfile`，內容如下：
   ```
   worker: npm start
   ```
3. 部署到 Heroku：
   ```
   heroku create
   git push heroku main
   ```
4. 在 Heroku 後台新增環境變數
5. 啟動 worker：
   ```
   heroku ps:scale worker=1
   ```

### 選項 4：GitHub Actions + 自架 Runner

如果你有 24 小時運作的主機：

1. 設定 GitHub Actions workflow（`.github/workflows/deploy.yml`）：
   ```yaml
   name: Deploy Bot
   
   on:
     push:
       branches: [ main ]
   
   jobs:
     deploy:
       runs-on: self-hosted
       steps:
         - uses: actions/checkout@v2
         - name: Use Node.js
           uses: actions/setup-node@v2
           with:
             node-version: '16.x'
         - run: npm ci
         - run: pm2 restart setsuna || pm2 start index.js --name setsuna
   ```
2. 在主機安裝 PM2：`npm install -g pm2`
3. 設定自架 GitHub Actions runner
4. 推送到 GitHub 觸發部署

## 使用方法

機器人啟動後，你可以在 Discord 伺服器使用以下指令：

- `/setsuna activate #頻道名稱 [模型] [groq_model/cerebras_model]` - 在指定頻道啟用機器人，可選擇使用的模型（Groq、Gemini、ChatGPT、Together AI、DeepSeek、Cerebras、Character.AI）和特定的子模型
- `/setsuna deactivate #頻道名稱` - 在指定頻道停用機器人
- `/setsuna setmodel [模型] [groq_model/cerebras_model] #頻道名稱` - 更改指定頻道使用的模型和特定的子模型
- `/setsuna checkmodel #頻道名稱` - 檢查頻道當前使用的模型
- `/setsuna aidetect [true/false]`：開啟/關閉 AI 判定畫圖請求功能。
- `/setsuna setpersonality` - 設定機器人人設，自訂機器人的回覆風格和個性
- `/setsuna checkpersonality` - 檢查當前機器人人設
- 若不指定 #頻道名稱，則預設為當前頻道
- 若不指定模型，則預設使用 Groq
- 若選擇 Groq 但不指定 groq_model，則預設使用 llama-3.1-8b-instant
- `/reset_chat [channel]` - (需有管理頻道權限) 重置指定或當前頻道的聊天記錄

- `/contact` - 聯絡機器人開發者或加入我們的社群伺服器提供回饋、獲得支援
- `/help` - 查看機器人使用說明

### 💬 與 Setsuna 聊天

- 在 Setsuna 已啟用的頻道中直接輸入訊息即可開始聊天。
- Setsuna 會記住頻道中最近的 50 則訊息以了解對話脈絡。
- 你可以回覆 Setsuna 或其他用戶的訊息，Setsuna 能夠理解回覆的上下文。
- 如果你傳送 YouTube 影片的網址，Setsuna 會顯示影片的預覽資訊。
- 如果你請 Setsuna 幫忙找 YouTube 影片 (例如：「幫我找貓咪的影片」)，Setsuna 會嘗試搜尋並提供相關的影片連結。

## 授權條款

MIT

</details>

<details>
<summary>🇺🇸 Click to expand/collapse English instructions</summary>

# Setsuna Discord Bot

A Discord AI bot that connects to LLM API and chats with users in specific channels.

## Features

### 🤖 Intelligent Conversation
- Connects to Discord and responds to messages in configured channels
- Provides context-aware responses by analyzing channel message history
- Recognizes which messages users reply to, and responds accordingly to the reply context
- Supports long conversation memory, remembering the last 50 messages in a channel
- Allows customizable response styles to give the bot different personalities in different channels

### 🔄 Multiple AI Models Support
- Supports multiple AI models:
  - Groq (various models including Llama 3.1, Llama 3.3, Gemma 2, etc.)
  - Gemini (Google's AI model)
  - ChatGPT (OpenAI's GPT models)
  - Together AI (Llama-3.3-70B-Instruct-Turbo)
  - DeepSeek (DeepSeek's AI models)
  - Cerebras (Llama 4 Scout/Maverick and other models)
  - Character.AI (Use any character from Character.AI)
- Allows different channels to use different models
- Automatically rotates between multiple API keys to avoid rate limits

### 🎨 Image Generation and Manipulation
- Generates images based on text descriptions using Gemini
- Can modify existing images based on user requests
- Detects image generation and modification requests automatically

### 🔧 Easy Administration
- Simple slash commands for bot management
- Automatic backup of channel configurations to GitHub
- Detailed logging for troubleshooting

## Setup

### Environment Variables
Create a `.env` file in the root directory with the following variables:

   ```
# Discord Bot Token
   DISCORD_TOKEN=your_discord_bot_token

# API Keys (at least one is required)
DEEPSEEK_API_KEY=your_deepseek_api_key
   GEMINI_API_KEY=your_gemini_api_key
   CHATGPT_API_KEY=your_chatgpt_api_key
TOGETHER_API_KEY=your_together_api_key
   GROQ_API_KEY=your_groq_api_key
   CEREBRAS_API_KEY=your_cerebras_api_key
CHARACTERAI_TOKEN=your_character_ai_token

# Character.AI Character ID
CHARACTERAI_CHARACTER_ID=character_id_to_use

# GitHub Integration (optional, for configuration backup)
GITHUB_TOKEN=your_github_token
GITHUB_REPO=username/repo/path
```

You can have multiple API keys for each service by adding numbers to the environment variable names:
```
DEEPSEEK_API_KEY_2=your_second_deepseek_api_key
GEMINI_API_KEY_2=your_second_gemini_api_key
# etc.
```

### Installation

1. Clone this repository
2. Run `npm install` to install dependencies
3. Create a `.env` file with your API keys as described above
4. Run `node index.js` to start the bot

## Commands

- `/setsuna activate #channel-name [model] [groq_model/cerebras_model]` - Activate the bot in designated channel with optional model selection (Groq, Gemini, ChatGPT, Together AI, DeepSeek, Cerebras, Character.AI) and specific submodel.
- `/setsuna deactivate #channel-name` - Deactivate the bot in the designated channel.
- `/setsuna setmodel #channel-name [model] [groq_model/cerebras_model]` - Change the AI model used in the designated channel.
- `/setsuna checkmodel #channel-name` - Check which AI model is currently being used in the designated channel.
- `/setsuna setinstructions #channel-name [instructions]` - Set custom instructions for the AI in the designated channel.
- `/setsuna setrole #channel-name [role]` - Set a custom role for the AI in the designated channel.
- `/setsuna setstyle #channel-name [style]` - Set a custom speaking style for the AI in the designated channel.
- `/setsuna setstructure #channel-name [structure]` - Set a custom text structure for the AI in the designated channel.
- `/setsuna toggleimagedetection #channel-name` - Toggle AI-based image request detection in the designated channel.
- `/setsuna help` - Display help information about the bot commands.

## Character.AI Integration

The Character.AI integration allows you to use any character from Character.AI as a model in your bot. To use this feature:

1. Get your Character.AI token by logging into Character.AI and copying it from your browser's cookies
2. Set the `CHARACTERAI_TOKEN` environment variable with your token
3. Set the `CHARACTERAI_CHARACTER_ID` environment variable with the ID of the character you want to use
   - You can find the character ID in the URL when viewing a character on Character.AI
   - Example: For `https://beta.character.ai/chat?char=abcdefgh`, the ID is `abcdefgh`
4. Use `/setsuna activate #channel-name characterai` to activate the Character.AI model in a channel

The bot will create a new chat with the character and use it for all conversations in that channel.

## License

MIT

</details>

Commit message:

Enhance Character.AI integration by adding support for persistent chat IDs through environment variables, allowing users to maintain chat continuity. Update README.md to document the new feature and modify .gitignore to include test-persistent-chat.js for improved test management.

README.md, after:

<details>
<summary>🇹🇼 點擊展開／收起繁體中文說明</summary>

# Setsuna Discord 機器人

一個能連接 LLM API 並在指定頻道與用戶聊天的 Discord AI 機器人。

## 功能特色

### 🤖 智能對話
- 連接 Discord 並在設定的頻道回應訊息
- 透過分析頻道訊息歷史，提供有脈絡的回覆
- 能夠識別用戶指定回覆的訊息，並針對回覆內容做出相應回應
- 支援長對話記憶，可記住頻道中最近的50則對話
- 可設定個性化回覆風格，讓機器人在不同頻道展現不同性格

### 🔌 多模型支援
- 整合多種 LLM API（Groq、Gemini、ChatGPT、Together AI、DeepSeek、Cerebras）
- 可在啟用頻道時選擇使用的模型
- 支援選擇特定的 Groq 模型（12種）和 Cerebras 模型（4種）
- 可隨時切換頻道使用的模型
- 模型偏好持久化保存，重啟後不會遺失

### 🎨 圖片生成與理解
- 支援根據文字描述生成圖片
- 支援 AI 智能判定畫圖請求（可透過 `/setsuna aidetect` 指令開啟/關閉）
- 可識別用戶上傳的圖片內容
- 支援圖片風格轉換（如：油畫風格、像素風格、增加/減少畫面上的物件等）
- 可根據圖片進行問答（如：圖片中有幾隻貓？）

### 📺 YouTube 影片理解
- 可解析 YouTube 影片連結，顯示影片標題、頻道和簡介
- 支援 YouTube 影片內容摘要
- 可根據影片內容進行問答
- 支援 YouTube 影片搜尋功能

### ⚙️ 進階功能
- 支援簡單的頻道啟用／停用指令
- 可自訂義機器人人設
- 多 API Key 輪換機制，確保服務穩定性
- 頻道設定和模型偏好持久化保存到 GitHub

## 邀請 Setsuna
你可以用以下連結邀請 Setsuna 到你的 Discord 伺服器：
[邀請 Setsuna 到你的 Discord 伺服器](https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=1372437324595462206&permissions=1689917160152128&integration_type=0&scope=applications.commands+bot)

伺服器設定教學請參考下方[使用方法](https://github.com/breadMSA/setsuna-discord-bot?tab=readme-ov-file#使用方法)。

## 安裝步驟

### 本地開發

1. 複製本專案
2. 安裝依賴：
   ```
   npm install
   ```
3. 建立 `.env` 檔案並填入 API 金鑰：
   ```
   DISCORD_TOKEN=你的 Discord bot token
   GEMINI_API_KEY=你的 Gemini API 金鑰
   DEEPSEEK_API_KEY=你的 DeepSeek API 金鑰
   CHATGPT_API_KEY=你的 ChatGPT API 金鑰
   GROQ_API_KEY=你的 Groq API 金鑰
   YOUTUBE_API_KEY=你的 YouTube API 金鑰 (用於 YouTube 影片搜尋和 URL 預覽功能)
   BOT_OWNER_ID=你的Discord用戶ID,其他管理員ID (非必要，但若欲使用/setprofile指令則須填寫。若有多個，請用逗號隔開，例如：123456789012345678,987654321098765432)
   TOGETHER_API_KEY=你的 Together AI API 金鑰
   CEREBRAS_API_KEY=你的 Cerebras API 金鑰
   GITHUB_REPO=你的 GitHub 倉庫名稱 (這是用於儲存頻道設定和模型偏好。範例：yourusername/yourrepository)
   GITHUB_TOKEN=你的 GitHub Personal Access Token (PAT)
   CHARACTERAI_TOKEN=your_character_ai_token
   CHARACTERAI_CHARACTER_ID=your_character_id_here
   CHARACTERAI_CHAT_ID=your_persistent_chat_id_here (選填，設定後將使用固定的聊天ID而非每次創建新的聊天)
   ```
4. 啟動機器人：
   ```
   npm start
   ```

### GitHub 部署

1. 建立新的 GitHub repository
2. 推送程式碼：
   ```
   git init
   git add .
   git commit -m "Initial commit"
   git branch -M main
   git remote add origin https://github.com/yourusername/setsuna-discord-bot.git
   git push -u origin main
   ```

## 24 小時部署選項

### 選項 1：Railway

[Railway](https://railway.app/) 提供簡單的雲端部署平台，有免費方案。

1. 註冊 Railway 並連接 GitHub repository
2. 在 Railway 後台新增環境變數
3. 部署你的應用程式

### 選項 2：Render

[Render](https://render.com/) 提供免費的 Web 服務主機。

1. 註冊 Render 並連接 GitHub repository
2. 建立新的 Web Service
3. 設定 build 指令為 `npm install`
4. 設定 start 指令為 `node server.js & node index.js`
5. 新增環境變數
6. 部署你的應用程式

### 選項 3：Heroku

[Heroku](https://www.heroku.com/) 也是常見的 Discord bot 雲端主機。

1. 註冊 Heroku 並安裝 Heroku CLI
2. 在專案根目錄建立 `Procfile`，內容如下：
   ```
   worker: npm start
   ```
3. 部署到 Heroku：
   ```
   heroku create
   git push heroku main
   ```
4. 在 Heroku 後台新增環境變數
5. 啟動 worker：
   ```
   heroku ps:scale worker=1
   ```

### 選項 4：GitHub Actions + 自架 Runner

如果你有 24 小時運作的主機：

1. 設定 GitHub Actions workflow（`.github/workflows/deploy.yml`）：
   ```yaml
   name: Deploy Bot
   
   on:
     push:
       branches: [ main ]
   
   jobs:
     deploy:
       runs-on: self-hosted
       steps:
         - uses: actions/checkout@v2
         - name: Use Node.js
           uses: actions/setup-node@v2
           with:
             node-version: '16.x'
         - run: npm ci
         - run: pm2 restart setsuna || pm2 start index.js --name setsuna
   ```
2. 在主機安裝 PM2：`npm install -g pm2`
3. 設定自架 GitHub Actions runner
4. 推送到 GitHub 觸發部署

## 使用方法

機器人啟動後，你可以在 Discord 伺服器使用以下指令：

- `/setsuna activate #頻道名稱 [模型] [groq_model/cerebras_model]` - 在指定頻道啟用機器人，可選擇使用的模型（Groq、Gemini、ChatGPT、Together AI、DeepSeek、Cerebras、Character.AI）和特定的子模型
- `/setsuna deactivate #頻道名稱` - 在指定頻道停用機器人
- `/setsuna setmodel [模型] [groq_model/cerebras_model] #頻道名稱` - 更改指定頻道使用的模型和特定的子模型
- `/setsuna checkmodel #頻道名稱` - 檢查頻道當前使用的模型
- `/setsuna aidetect [true/false]`：開啟/關閉 AI 判定畫圖請求功能。
- `/setsuna setpersonality` - 設定機器人人設，自訂機器人的回覆風格和個性
- `/setsuna checkpersonality` - 檢查當前機器人人設
- 若不指定 #頻道名稱，則預設為當前頻道
- 若不指定模型，則預設使用 Groq
- 若選擇 Groq 但不指定 groq_model，則預設使用 llama-3.1-8b-instant
- `/reset_chat [channel]` - (需有管理頻道權限) 重置指定或當前頻道的聊天記錄

- `/contact` - 聯絡機器人開發者或加入我們的社群伺服器提供回饋、獲得支援
- `/help` - 查看機器人使用說明

### 💬 與 Setsuna 聊天

- 在 Setsuna 已啟用的頻道中直接輸入訊息即可開始聊天。
- Setsuna 會記住頻道中最近的 50 則訊息以了解對話脈絡。
- 你可以回覆 Setsuna 或其他用戶的訊息，Setsuna 能夠理解回覆的上下文。
- 如果你傳送 YouTube 影片的網址，Setsuna 會顯示影片的預覽資訊。
- 如果你請 Setsuna 幫忙找 YouTube 影片 (例如：「幫我找貓咪的影片」)，Setsuna 會嘗試搜尋並提供相關的影片連結。

### Character.AI 整合

- 使用 `/setsuna setmodel characterai` 啟用 Character.AI 模型
- 在 `.env` 檔案中設定 `CHARACTERAI_TOKEN` 和 `CHARACTERAI_CHARACTER_ID`
- 若要使用固定的聊天 ID 而非每次創建新的聊天，請設定 `CHARACTERAI_CHAT_ID`：
  1. 在 Character.AI 網站上與你的角色建立一個聊天
  2. 查看 URL，格式為：https://character.ai/chat?char=CHAR_ID&hist=CHAT_ID
  3. 複製 &hist= 後面的 CHAT_ID 部分並設定為 `CHARACTERAI_CHAT_ID`

## 授權條款

MIT

</details>

<details>
<summary>🇺🇸 Click to expand/collapse English instructions</summary>

# Setsuna Discord Bot

A Discord AI bot that connects to LLM API and chats with users in specific channels.

## Features

### 🤖 Intelligent Conversation
- Connects to Discord and responds to messages in configured channels
- Provides context-aware responses by analyzing channel message history
- Recognizes which messages users reply to, and responds accordingly to the reply context
- Supports long conversation memory, remembering the last 50 messages in a channel
- Allows customizable response styles to give the bot different personalities in different channels

### 🔄 Multiple AI Models Support
- Supports multiple AI models:
  - Groq (various models including Llama 3.1, Llama 3.3, Gemma 2, etc.)
  - Gemini (Google's AI model)
  - ChatGPT (OpenAI's GPT models)
  - Together AI (Llama-3.3-70B-Instruct-Turbo)
  - DeepSeek (DeepSeek's AI models)
  - Cerebras (Llama 4 Scout/Maverick and other models)
  - Character.AI (Use any character from Character.AI)
- Allows different channels to use different models
- Automatically rotates between multiple API keys to avoid rate limits

### 🎨 Image Generation and Manipulation
- Generates images based on text descriptions using Gemini
- Can modify existing images based on user requests
- Detects image generation and modification requests automatically

### 🔧 Easy Administration
- Simple slash commands for bot management
- Automatic backup of channel configurations to GitHub
- Detailed logging for troubleshooting

## Setup

### Environment Variables
Create a `.env` file in the root directory with the following variables:

   ```
# Discord Bot Token
   DISCORD_TOKEN=your_discord_bot_token

# API Keys (at least one is required)
DEEPSEEK_API_KEY=your_deepseek_api_key
   GEMINI_API_KEY=your_gemini_api_key
   CHATGPT_API_KEY=your_chatgpt_api_key
TOGETHER_API_KEY=your_together_api_key
   GROQ_API_KEY=your_groq_api_key
   CEREBRAS_API_KEY=your_cerebras_api_key
CHARACTERAI_TOKEN=your_character_ai_token

# Character.AI Character ID
CHARACTERAI_CHARACTER_ID=character_id_to_use

# GitHub Integration (optional, for configuration backup)
GITHUB_TOKEN=your_github_token
GITHUB_REPO=username/repo/path

# Character.AI Chat ID (optional, when set will use a fixed chat ID instead of creating new chats)
CHARACTERAI_CHAT_ID=your_persistent_chat_id_here
```

You can have multiple API keys for each service by adding numbers to the environment variable names:
```
DEEPSEEK_API_KEY_2=your_second_deepseek_api_key
GEMINI_API_KEY_2=your_second_gemini_api_key
# etc.
```

### Installation

1. Clone this repository
2. Run `npm install` to install dependencies
3. Create a `.env` file with your API keys as described above
4. Run `node index.js` to start the bot

## Commands

- `/setsuna activate #channel-name [model] [groq_model/cerebras_model]` - Activate the bot in designated channel with optional model selection (Groq, Gemini, ChatGPT, Together AI, DeepSeek, Cerebras, Character.AI) and specific submodel.
- `/setsuna deactivate #channel-name` - Deactivate the bot in the designated channel.
- `/setsuna setmodel #channel-name [model] [groq_model/cerebras_model]` - Change the AI model used in the designated channel.
- `/setsuna checkmodel #channel-name` - Check which AI model is currently being used in the designated channel.
- `/setsuna setinstructions #channel-name [instructions]` - Set custom instructions for the AI in the designated channel.
- `/setsuna setrole #channel-name [role]` - Set a custom role for the AI in the designated channel.
- `/setsuna setstyle #channel-name [style]` - Set a custom speaking style for the AI in the designated channel.
- `/setsuna setstructure #channel-name [structure]` - Set a custom text structure for the AI in the designated channel.
- `/setsuna toggleimagedetection #channel-name` - Toggle AI-based image request detection in the designated channel.
- `/setsuna help` - Display help information about the bot commands.

## Character.AI Integration

The Character.AI integration allows you to use any character from Character.AI as a model in your bot. To use this feature:

1. Get your Character.AI token by logging into Character.AI and copying it from your browser's cookies
2. Set the `CHARACTERAI_TOKEN` environment variable with your token
3. Set the `CHARACTERAI_CHARACTER_ID` environment variable with the ID of the character you want to use
   - You can find the character ID in the URL when viewing a character on Character.AI
   - Example: For `https://beta.character.ai/chat?char=abcdefgh`, the ID is `abcdefgh`
4. Use `/setsuna activate #channel-name characterai` to activate the Character.AI model in a channel

The bot will create a new chat with the character and use it for all conversations in that channel.

### Using a Persistent Chat ID

To avoid creating new chats each time (which can cause "chat not found" errors):

1. Create a chat with your character on the Character.AI website
2. Check the URL, which will look like: `https://character.ai/chat?char=CHAR_ID&hist=CHAT_ID`
3. Copy the CHAT_ID part after `&hist=` and set it as `CHARACTERAI_CHAT_ID` in your .env file

When this environment variable is set, the bot will always use this specific chat ID instead of creating new chats.

## License

MIT

</details>
